docs/src/getting-started.md, before:

# Getting Started

This section covers two practical steps: cloning this repository and using `weavetree-core` from another Rust project.

If you want to design an MDP in the browser first, launch [Weavetree Studio](./studio/).

## Clone the repository

Clone the project and enter the repository root:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DennisLent/weavetree.git
cd weavetree
```

The Rust crate lives in `crates/weavetree-core`. If you want to work directly in this repo, you can use it immediately as a workspace member.

## Add `weavetree-core` to your own project

If you want to consume `weavetree-core` from another repository before publishing, add it as a git dependency:

```rust
[dependencies]
weavetree-core = { git = "https://github.com/DennisLent/weavetree", package = "weavetree-core" }
```

If you have a local checkout and want a path dependency during development:

```toml
[dependencies]
weavetree-core = { path = "../weavetree/crates/weavetree-core" }
```

After adding the dependency, you can import public types like this:

```rust
use weavetree_core::{ActionId, SearchConfig, StateKey, Tree};
```

Commit message:

domain declaration changes. Yaml and code-based with doc changes

docs/src/getting-started.md, after:

# Getting Started

This section covers cloning the repository and adding dependencies to use Weavetree in another project.

If you want to design an MDP in the browser first, launch [Weavetree Studio](./studio/).

## Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DennisLent/weavetree.git
cd weavetree
```

## Add dependencies in your own project

For local development with a path dependency:

```toml
[dependencies]
weavetree-core = { path = "../weavetree/crates/weavetree-core" }
weavetree-mdp = { path = "../weavetree/crates/weavetree-mdp" }
```

For git dependencies before publishing:

```toml
[dependencies]
weavetree-core = { git = "https://github.com/DennisLent/weavetree", package = "weavetree-core" }
weavetree-mdp = { git = "https://github.com/DennisLent/weavetree", package = "weavetree-mdp" }
```

## Pick an integration style

Use `weavetree-mdp` in one of two ways:

1. YAML/spec flow: define states/actions/outcomes in YAML, compile to `CompiledMdp`, and run with `MdpSimulator`.
2. Custom domain flow: implement `MdpDomain` for your own state type and run with `DomainSimulator`.
